SchemaTracker refactor documentation (#1487)
vitessio/website: content/en/docs/17.0/reference/features/schema-tracking.md

## VTTablet

> Schema tracking is enabled in VTTablet with the flag `--queryserver-config-schema-change-signal`, defaults to `true`. When enabled, VTTablet sends schema changes to VTGate when a DDL query executes. Apart from DDL executions, VTTablet also checks for schema changes on an interval that can be modified with the flag `--queryserver-config-schema-reload-time` (defaults to 30 minutes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Schema tracking is enabled in VTTablet with the flag `--queryserver-config-schema-change-signal`, defaults to `true`. When enabled, VTTablet sends schema changes to VTGate when a DDL query executes. Additionally, VTTablet regularly checks for schema changes at a specified interval, which can be adjusted using the --queryserver-config-schema-reload-time flag. The default interval is set to 30 minutes.
```

Author: fixed.
